// 					NOTES

	When inserting the data into a database you may need to insert it line by line
	not sure why this is but im getting a error on mysql when i try to insert it all.
	but inserting one by one or in groups of 2 and changing the , at the end to a ; works!


	The VARCHAR in the inventory table may have to be altered as some of the descriptions are just too long. 
	either that or short the description,title.

//

INSERT INTO inventory(title,description,author_brand,form,image_name,price) VALUES 

("Linux Pocket Guide","O'Reilly's Pocket Guides have earned a reputation as inexpensive, comprehensive, and compact guides that have the stuff but not the fluff. Every page of Linux Pocket Guide lives up to this billing. It clearly explains how to get up to speed quickly on day-to-day Linux use. Once you're up and running, Linux Pocket Guide provides an easy-to-use reference that you can keep by your keyboard for those times when you want a fast, useful answer, not hours in the man pages.Linux Pocket Guide is organized the way you use Linux: by function, not just alphabetically. It's not the 'bible of Linux; it's a practical and concise guide to the options and commands you need most. It starts with general concepts like files and directories, the shell, and X windows, and then presents detailed overviews of the most essential commands, with clear examples. You'll learn each command's purpose, usage, options, location on disk, and even the RPM package that installed it.The Linux Pocket Guide is tailored to Fedora Linux--the latest spin-off of Red Hat Linux--but most of the information applies to any Linux system.Throw in a host of valuable power user tips and a friendly and accessible style, and you'll quickly find this practical, to-the-point book a small but mighty resource for Linux users.","Daniel J Barrett","Paper Back","LinuxPocketGuide.PNG",4.99),

("Kali Linux Hacking-Tools für Dummies","Would you like to test how secure your IT system is? Then this book will help you! It shows you step by step how to put your systems through their paces with Kali Linux. You will learn how to crack passwords, find website vulnerabilities, check web server configurations and much more. The authors also introduce you to wireless attacks, sniffing, spoofing and IT forensic analysis. Endless theory? None! Under the guidance of proven IT security experts, you will learn to think from the perspective of hackers and to secure your IT infrastructure accordingly.","Felix Alexa, Konstantin Goretzki, Tobias Scheible","Paper back","KaliLinuxHacking.PNG",23.95),


("Amazon Basics RJ45 CAT6 Ethernet LAN Patch Cable (1.5 m / 5 Feet) [1,000 Mbps (1 Gbps)]","Cat6 Ethernet patch cable for wired home or office networks, Ideal for connecting computers to network components in a wired local network (LAN), RJ45 connectors ensure compatibility with most network components, bandwidth: 250 MHz, The network cable is suitable for data transfer speeds of up to 1,000 Mbps (or 1 Gigabit per second), Length: 5 feet (1.52 metres) and backed by an Amazon Basics 1 year limited warranty","Amazon Basics","Cable","RJ45.PNG",3),

("Amazon Basics High-Speed, Ultra HD HDMI 2.0 Cable, Supports 3D Formats and with Audio Return Channel, 1.8 m","24K gold plated contacts offer better corrosion resistance and enhanced signal transfer, Multi-stranded, high-purity copper conductors improve signal integrity and minimize resistance, 100% coverage of high density polyethylene and polyvinyl chloride jacket isolates outside signal, Metal braid and 2 layer Aluminum-Mylar shields protect against external signal interference, ensures stable transmission and reduces signal loss, HDMI A Male to A Male Cable: Supports Ethernet, 3D, 4K video and Audio Return Channel (ARC), Compatible with the HDMI 2.0 (4K Video at 60 Hz, 2160p, 48 bit/px color depth) that supports bandwidth up to 18Gbps and backwards compatible with earlier versions, Compatible with all 3D Blu-Ray players, Real 3D TV, AV receiver with Full HD, UltraHD. Supports all resolutions for Playstation 3 (PS3), Playstation 4 (PS4), Xbox, Xbox One and 4k Ultra HD, This cable allows you to share an Internet connection among multiple devices without the need for a separate Ethernet cable","Amazon Basics","Cable","HDMI.PNG",5.32),


("Etseinri DisplayPort Cable 2M, Display Port 1.4, DP Cable Support 8K@60Hz 4K@240Hz 2K@144Hz HBR3 32.4Gbps, HDR, DSC 1.2, G-Sync & FreeSync Display Cable 2.0 Lead for Laptop Gaming Monitor PC TV","【8K@60Hz DisplayPort Cable 1.4】Displayport to Displayport Cable is good for video streaming or gaming, which can connect a DisplayPort-equipped desktop/laptop to an advanced HDTV, monitor, display, Projector, gaming graphics card with a DisplayPort for enjoying the Ultra High Definition Ultimate Experience of the Big screen. (No connection direction,You can choose any end to connect your input or display), 【DP1.4 standard】32.4Gbps BandWidth, 50% increase over DP 1.2 cables. Resolution up to 8K (7680x4320) at 60Hz refresh rate. Whats more, DisplayPort cable can deliver high dynamic range (HDR) video and support stereoscopic 3D video, multi-stream transport (MST), high-bandwidth digital content protection(HDCP 2.2), Display Stream Compression version 1.4(DSC), Forward Error Correction (FEC), G-sync, showing more details and realistic in pictures. Backward compatible with DisplayPort 1.3/1.2, 【Smooth Gameplay Experience】8K DP to DP supports resolution up to 8k 7680x4320 at 60Hz, 4K 3840x2160 at 144Hz and 2K at 165Hz, ideal for Large game and Ultra HD video streaming. Providing fluid, artifact-free gaming performance. Compatible with S.amsung, Ben-Q, D.ell, L.G, H-P, A.SUS, A.cer, iiyama, A.lienware monitors and others. Supports DP, DP++, and DisplayPort++, 【Strong Anti-interference Capability】Designed with 30 AWG tinned copper, Triple Shieldings, Aluminum Case, 24K Gold-plated connectors and the corrosion-resistant tinplate effectively protect the circuit board and chip from signal interference. Improved strain relief withstands being plugged and unplugged 15,000+ times ensure the superior durability under the heavy usage and multiple plugging and unplugging, 【What You Get】:1* 8K Ultra High Speed DisplayPort Cable , 24 Hours Quick Respond for Your Questions, 18 Months Warranty","Etseinri","Cable","DisplayPort.PNG",10.99),

("TUF Gaming VG249QM1A Gaming Monitor – 23.8 inch FHD (1920x1080), Fast IPS, overclocking 270 Hz (Above 144Hz, 240Hz), Extreme Low Motion Blur, 1ms (GTG), 99% sRGB, FreeSync Premium, G-Sync compatible","23.8-inch FHD (1920x1080) Fast IPS gaming monitor with ultrafast 270Hz(OC) refresh rate designed for professional gamers and immersive gameplay, ASUS Extreme Low Motion Blur (ELMB ) technology enables a 1ms response time (GTG), eliminating ghosting for sharp gaming visuals, FreeSync Premium and G-Sync compatible delivers a seamless, tear-free gaming experience by enabling VRR (variable refresh rate) by default, Supports both Adaptive-Sync with NVIDIA GeForce* graphics cards and Freesync Premium with AMD graphics cards. *Compatible with NVIDIA GeForce GTX 10 series, GTX 16 series, RTX 20 series and newer graphics cards","Asus","Monitor","AsusMonitor.PNG",300),

("49' CRG9 Dual-QHD 120Hz Odyssey Gaming Monitor','DUAL QHD RESOLUTION: The 5120 x 1440 super ultra-wide aspect ratio lets you view content in superfine detail, HDR1000 & QLED: Has a brightness rating of 1,000 nits and DCI-P3 95%, so colors are pure, bright, and true to life, IMMERSIVE CURVE: With a Super Ultra-Wide 32:9 ratio, the CRG9 curves around your field of view to immerse you in all the onscreen gaming action, AMD RADEON FREESYNC2: Effortlessly Smooth Gameplay; Supports HDR content, reduces input latency, and has low framerate compensation, BUILT FOR SPEED: The 120Hz settings minimize image lag and motion blur; The 60Hz settings let you optimize performance, OPTIMIZED FOR GAMING: Turn on Game Mode to instantly adjust contrast & color settings for virtually any game genre; Switch to Low Input Lag Mode for even faster response times and target your enemies more accurately w/ Virtual Aim Point onscreen crosshairs, MULTI-TASKER'S DREAM: With Picture-by-Picture you can connect and view multiple input sources without degrading the original image quality; For example, you can watch a movie and do a web search while playing your favorite game, PLAY ON...AND ON: Eye Saver Mode reduces fatigue-inducing blue light emissions and Flicker Free technology suppresses distracting screen flicker, ADJUSTS FOR COMFORT: The swivel/tilt and height-adjustable stand offers all the flexibility you need to position screen for maximum comfort; The panel’s VESA Standard mount also offers the option of mounting on VESA-compatible arms","Samsung","Monitor","SamsungMonitor.PNG",1,150),

("INTEL 12TH GEN I5 CUSTOM PC BUILDER","Case: CyberpowerPC Lancool PC-008 Gaming Case - Black, CPU (Processor): Intel® Core™ i5-12400F – 6 Core [6P @ 2.50GHz-4.40GHz] - 18MB Cache, Graphics Card (GPU): MSI GeForce® RTX 3060 12GB - Ray Tracing Technology, DX12®, VR Ready, HDMI, DP - 4 Monitor Support (Single Card), CPU Overclocking: No Overclocking, CPU Cooling: INTEL 12th Gen Standard CPU Cooler, Motherboard: MSI PRO B660M-E DDR4: mATX w/ USB 3.2, 1x M.2, Memory (RAM): 16GB (2x8GB) DDR4/3200MHz Corsair Vengeance LPX Memory, PSU (Power Supply): InWin A65 650W 80+ Certified Gaming Power Supply, NVME Drive: 1TB WD Black SN770 M.2 NVMe PCIe SSD - 5150MB/s Read & 4900MB/s Write (Single Drive), Internal USB Hub: Built-in USB Ports, Wireless Networking: Intel Wireless AX200 Wi-Fi 6 802.11ax Dual Band (2.4 GHz & 5GHz (160Mhz)) PCI-E Adapter & Dual Antennas, Wired Networking: ONBOARD 10/100/1000 GIGABIT LAN PORT -- As standard on all PCs, Sound Cards: HIGH DEFINITION ON-BOARD AUDIO ,External USB Port and Hub: Built-in USB Ports,Operating System: Windows 11 Home - with FREE trial of Microsoft 365 and 1 month Xbox Game Pass (64-bit Edition) (No Recovery Media)","CyberPowerPC","PC","CyberPowerPC.PNG",1032.99),

("Logitech MX MASTER 3S","The Logitech MX Master 3S is an outstanding mouse for office use. It has a comfortable ergonomic shape with a thumb rest and feels exceptionally well-built. It connects wirelessly via Bluetooth or its included USB receiver and can pair with up to three devices simultaneously.","Logitech","Mouse","LogitechMouse.PNG",120),

("Razer Blackwidow V3 Tenkeyless","Continuing an iconic legacy, this compact gaming keyboard is armed with our world-renowned Razer™ Mechanical Switches and powered by Razer Chroma RGB, for a level of precision and personalization beloved by gamers worldwide.","Razer","Keyboard","RazerKeyboard.PNG",100),

("ARCTIS 9 WIRELESS","Lossless 2.4 GHz wireless for lag-free high fidelity gaming audio on PC and PlayStation, Simultaneous Bluetooth for calls, music, and VoIP chat while gaming, Discord-certified microphone provides noise cancellation and natural sounding clarity, Signature Arctis sound with ChatMix control to hear every detail for an audio advantage, 20+ hour battery life for nonstop wireless usage","SteelSeries","Headphones","SteelseriesHeadphones.PNG",199.99),

("Microsoft 365","Microsoft 365 is our cloud-powered productivity platform. With a subscription to Microsoft 365, you can get: The latest productivity apps, such as Microsoft Teams, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, OneDrive, and so much more. The ability to install on PCs, Macs, tablets, and phones.","Microsoft","Software","Microsoft365.PNG",464.99),

("RJ45 Jack","Category 6 Ethernet patch cable for wired home and office networks","Amazon","Cable","JK01.jpg",4.00),

("OptiPlex XE4 Small Form Factor PC","Industrial PC with scalable performance in small form factor desktop. OEM-Ready with unbranded option, OEM XE longevity, stability and visibility with OEM Industrialized enhanced operating temperatures, marine certification and remote power switch options.","Dell","PC","PC01.jpg",1696.00),

("IdeaCentre 3i PC","The IdeaCentre 3i desktop is a compact tower designed in a sleek Mineral Gray chassis that fits and looks great anywhere in your home. It has the optimal performance of Intel® Core™ i processors and NVIDIA® discrete graphics, plus plenty of memory, storage, and ports for your everyday computing needs.","Lenovo","PC","PC02.jpg",489.99),

("HP 27-cb1001na All-In-One Desktop PC","Big tasks can take a lot of time – but this HP All-in-One PC has the tech to keep things speedy. The eight-core AMD Ryzen 7 processor will make light work of large spreadsheets and 8 GB of RAM lets you breeze through browser tabs. And for getting to saved files in a hurry, the SSD has got you sorted. Plus, with 512 GB of space there's room for all your essentials.","HP","PC","PC03.JPG",729.99),

("Essential Computer Science","Teaches you fundamental concepts from computer hardware and architecture to machine learning and everything in between. Helps you review the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC): Planning, Analysis, Design, Implementation, Testing, Deploying, and Maintenance. Covers tools and techniques for software engineering best practices","Paul D. Crutcher","Paperback","BK01.jpg",30.00),

("Computer Science Handbook, Second Edition","When you think about how far and fast computer science has progressed in recent years, it's not hard to conclude that a seven-year old handbook may fall a little short of the kind of reference today's computer scientists, software engineers, and IT professionals need. With a broadened scope, more emphasis on applied computing, and more than 70 chapters either new or significantly revised, the Computer Science Handbook, Second Edition is exactly the kind of reference you need. This rich collection of theory and practice fully characterizes the current state of the field and conveys the modern spirit, accomplishments, and direction of computer science.","Allen B. Tucker","Hardcover","BK02.jpg",67.83),

("Click Start Level 9: Computer Science for Schools","Click Start: Computer Science for Schools, for classes 9 and 10 are the two additional levels in the Click Start series. These books have been prepared keeping in mind the rising demand for Computer Science education in schools. Click Start 9 is a Computer Science resource, covering the concepts of Windows 7, MS Office 2007, HTML, XML, programming languages C, C++ and Java.","Narasimhan Meera","CD","CD01.jpg",6.57),

("Windows 11 Professional","Designed for the world of hybrid work, Windows 11 can help you work more simply and seamlessly from anywhere. Buy and download Windows 11 for Professionals to enjoy: A simple, powerful UX helps improve productivity and focus. New features enable you to make the most of available desktop space. App compatibility and cloud management make adoption easy. A Zero Trust-ready OS helps protect data and access, wherever business takes you.","Microsoft","Software","OS01.jpg",219.99),

("Windows 11 Home","Windows 11 is the one place for it all. With a fresh new feel and tools that make it easier to be efficient, it has what you need for whatever’s next. Buy and download Windows 11 Home to experience the benefits today. Less chaos, more calm. The refreshed design of Windows 11 enables you to do what you want effortlessly. Biometric logins.**. Encrypted authentication. And, of course, advanced antivirus defenses. Everything you need, plus more, to protect you against the latest cyberthreats. Make the most of your screen space with snap layouts, desktops, and seamless redocking. Widgets makes staying up-to-date with the content you love and the news you care about, simple. Stay in touch with friends and family with Microsoft Teams, which can be seamlessly integrated into your taskbar, Play the latest games with graphics that rival reality. DirectX 12 Ultimate comes ready to maximize your hardware.","Microsoft","Software","OS02.jpg",119.99),

("Logitech Wireless Mouse","With the same click feel and 90% noise reduction compared to classic mice. It has a long-lasting 18-month battery life with auto-sleep and a powerful 10-metre wireless range with 128-bit encryption between the mouse and the receiver. Plus, its small size is perfect to toss in a bag and go. Just plug the tiny USB receiver and it works with Windows, Mac, Chrome OS or Linux.","Logitech","Mouse","MS01.jpg",11.99);




